228
['Signs: The heart size is the upper limit of normality. The mediastinal and urinal contours are normal.
The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Pulmonaries are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
There are no acute ostensible abnormalities. Impression: no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.',
'Findings: lungs are clear, the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No acute ostensible anomalies detected.
Impression: Normal chest x-rays.']


291
['Results: the lungs are very clear without burning consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
There is no pulmonary oedema. The heart is normally large and the medial contours are normal.
Impression: No acute pulmonary process identified.']


122
['Findings: Impression: Small bilateral pleural casts as remaining lower flap atelectases have essentially cleared off.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette has a normal postoperative appearance. No pulmonary oedema and no pneumothorax.
A ___ x 31 mm oval turbidity projected over the side aspect of the left centre was not present preoperatively
and does not therefore cause concern for a mass. It is thought to be a small quantity of liquid trapped in the left main column or otherwise loculated.
Right jugular line ended in the mid SVC.', 'Findings: Impression: Compared with the previous radiograph,
lung volumes remain low. Small pleural effusion that can be seen on the side radiograph of the previous examination is
no longer visualized. The star otomy wires are in unchanged correct position. No pneumonia, no pulmonary oedema.
Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette.', 'Findings: Impression: Right inner jugular line tip is on the level of the lower SVC.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Left linear opacities consistent with atelectasis. A rounded atelectasis along the left chest is unchanged.
There is no pneumothorax', 'Results: Compared to the previous radiograph, the lung volume is slightly lower.
The right centreline IJ has been removed and the right lung is clear. No pneumothorax.
Bilateral small pleural effusions remain unchanged. Intact median stero-domyed wires.
Impression: 1. Median stero-nomyed wires are intact. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions are unchanged.']


93
['Findings: There is no strengthening in the focal point. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Heart and mediastinum silhouettes are stable, no pulmonary oedema is observed. Impression: no acute cardiopulmonary process.']


106
['Findings: The lungs are clear. Cardiomediastinal and hilaric contours are unmarkable.
There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Impression: No acute cardiopulmonary process.']
